{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green55\blue106;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: "Cynthia@percontilaw.com" <cynthia@percontilaw.com>\
Subject: RE: Office pictures- Joe Perconti\
Date: April 24, 2014 at 1:04:37 PM EDT\
To: "'Rick Shields'" <rick@highmountaingraphics.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0

\f1\fs30 \cf3 Hi Rick,\'a0 I guess you can do that\'85..we can discuss on Tuesday\'85.not sure how the Domains work\'85.looks like I just paid for 6 of them back in January for 1 year. You can fill us in!
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 If you google image \'96 999 Riverview Drive, Totowa, nj, you will see pictures of our building\'85.that was what the link that you couldn\'92t get to work.\'a0 We thought that a picture of the outside would be nice.
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 So, explain again exactly what you need from us.\'a0 Did you get his write up?
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0

\f3\b\fs26 \cf2 From:
\b0  Rick Shields [mailto:rick@highmountaingraphics.com] \uc0\u8232 
\b Sent:
\b0  Thursday, April 24, 2014 12:14 PM\uc0\u8232 
\b To:
\b0  Cynthia@percontilaw.com\uc0\u8232 
\b Subject:
\b0  Re: Office pictures- Joe Perconti
\f2\fs32 \
\'a0\
Hello Cynthia,\
\'a0\
Can we transfer the domain from GoDaddy? We would not bill you for hosting since Joe has taken very good care of my wife & I.\
That way we can maintain control and you can eliminate any hosting or maintenance fees. Let me know. Thanks!\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Sincerely,
\f2\fs32 \

\f0\fs24 Rick Shields
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 High Mountain Graphics\'a0
\fs20 llc
\f2\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 110-B Fifth Avenue
\f2\fs32 \

\f0\fs24 Hawthorne, NJ 07506
\f2\fs32 \

\f0\fs24 Phone/Fax: (973) 427-5820
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.highmountaingraphics.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 www.highmountaingraphics.com}}\
\'a0\
On Apr 24, 2014, at 11:52 AM, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Cynthia@percontilaw.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Cynthia@percontilaw.com}} <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:cynthia@percontilaw.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 cynthia@percontilaw.com}}> wrote:\
\uc0\u8232 \
Hi Rick! \'a0\uc0\u8232 Ok, we have a website started....generic with nothing really, but I am\u8232 already paying for it , so let's keep with it if we can. \'a0The person who set\u8232 it up for us is Dennis Fauerbach. \'a0He said for me to give you his e-mail so\u8232 he can give you the information you need to update the site. \'a0Our site is\u8232 with GoDaddy. \'a0\u8232 \u8232 Dennis Fauberbach- - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dfauerbach@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 dfauerbach@gmail.com}}\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Attached are some pictures of the office...I will send a few more as well as\u8232 Joe's write up.\u8232 \u8232 Thanks for your help!\u8232 \u8232 Cynthia\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 <photo 1.JPG><Untitled attachment 00038.txt><photo 2.JPG><Untitled attachment 00041.txt><photo 3.JPG><Untitled attachment 00044.txt><photo 4.JPG><Untitled attachment 00047.txt><photo 5.JPG><Untitled attachment 00050.txt><_Certification_.txt>\
\'a0\
No virus found in this message.\uc0\u8232 Checked by AVG - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.avg.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 www.avg.com}}\uc0\u8232 Version: 2014.0.4570 / Virus Database: 3920/7388 - Release Date: 04/24/14\
}